com/vesam/quiz/utils/image/ZoomOutSlideTransformer.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.image.ZoomOutSlideTransformer
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionTextResultLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionTextResultLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/utils/image/BaseTransformer.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.image.BaseTransformer
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemSlidingimagesZoomableBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemSlidingimagesZoomableBinding
com/vesam/quiz/interfaces/OnCreateCameraImageFile.java
 com.vesam.quiz.interfaces.OnCreateCameraImageFile
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemSlidingimagesBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemSlidingimagesBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentLoadingBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentLoadingBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentQuestionsBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentQuestionsBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemAnswerClozeBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemAnswerClozeBinding
com/vesam/quiz/data/database/DetailsDAO_Impl.java
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$1
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$2
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$3
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$4
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$5
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$6
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.DetailsDAO_Impl$7
com/vesam/quiz/utils/zoomage/ZoomageView.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView$1
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView$2
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView$3
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView$4
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.ZoomageView$SimpleAnimatorListener
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentFullscreenSliderImageClozeBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentFullscreenSliderImageClozeBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionSoundLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionSoundLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.vesam.quiz.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.vesam.quiz.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.vesam.quiz.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/vesam/quiz/utils/converter/DetailsConverter.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.converter.DetailsConverter
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.converter.DetailsConverter$1
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.converter.DetailsConverter$2
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentItemQuestionsBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentItemQuestionsBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemResultAnswerBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemResultAnswerBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ActivityQuizBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ActivityQuizBinding
com/vesam/quiz/BR.java
 com.vesam.quiz.BR
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ClozeImageLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ClozeImageLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionTextLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionTextLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentFullscreenSliderImageQuestionBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentFullscreenSliderImageQuestionBinding
com/vesam/quiz/BuildConfig.java
 com.vesam.quiz.BuildConfig
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/AnswerImageLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.AnswerImageLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentClozeBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentClozeBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/AnswerSoundLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.AnswerSoundLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionImageResultLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionImageResultLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/utils/custom_view/progress_bar/CustomProgressBar.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.custom_view.progress_bar.CustomProgressBar
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemAnswerQuizBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemAnswerQuizBinding
com/vesam/quiz/utils/tools/NetworkTools.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.tools.NetworkTools
com/vesam/quiz/data/database/QuizDatabase_Impl.java
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.QuizDatabase_Impl
 com.vesam.quiz.data.database.QuizDatabase_Impl$1
com/vesam/quiz/utils/music_manager/Sound.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.music_manager.Sound
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentResultClozeBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentResultClozeBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/AnswerTextLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.AnswerTextLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionVideoLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionVideoLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ItemQuestionClozeBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ItemQuestionClozeBinding
com/vesam/quiz/utils/zoomage/AutoResetMode.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.AutoResetMode
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.zoomage.AutoResetMode$Parser
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionImageLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionImageLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/utils/type_converters/ToStringConverterFactory.java
 com.vesam.quiz.utils.type_converters.ToStringConverterFactory
com/vesam/quiz/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.vesam.quiz.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/FragmentResultQuizBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.FragmentResultQuizBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionVideoResultLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionVideoResultLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/ToastLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.ToastLayoutBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/AnswerVideoLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.AnswerVideoLayoutBinding
com/vesam/quiz/databinding/QuestionSoundResultLayoutBinding.java
 com.vesam.quiz.databinding.QuestionSoundResultLayoutBinding
